hi this is Matt Oh welcome to my online
chess lecture
I hope you enjoy it in this video I
showed the game between Wei Yi an artist
this game was played Netherlands in 2015
where he had like a system he started in
for an Hospital in defense Knight f3 d6
d4 C takes in d4 Knight takes on d4
Knight to c6 Knight to c3 coming to c7
Bishop to b3 a 6 pulse and a variation
of the Sicilian defense Queen to f3
Knight to e5 attacking the Queen Queen
to g3 h5 way he castle of inside
attacking the Queen Queen to h3 b5 f 4
Knight to c4 attacking the bishop on a
tree Bishop takes Knight Queen takes
Bishop 12 moves have been played
who stands better
white has a better development of the
pieces you agree which way black King
would go I don't think that would cast
the Kings side
what about come inside maybe
white mover f5 where he wants to open
files and to catch black ink before he
cancels to the Queen said if he is going
to cast at all you should to be seven
Ruka page to f 1e 5 closing the Defiler
Knight to b3 Queen to c7 King to be man
wrote to c8 is castling queenside good
we have looked to see eight whites
tomorrow I have to play a very
interesting move which is very hard to
guess but if you wish you can try to
guess the move that way he played where
he was thinking very deeply and this is
the first move of his plane sacrificing
the pole why did he sacrifice the pawn
because he wanted to sacrifice the
exchange why did he sacrifice the
exchange can you see why because he
wanted to sacrifice the bishop
why if he was ready to be sub-community
six was played he played Bishop to b6 in
order to deflect the Queen from
defending the pawn on day 7
that was the idea on how to play the
Queen to c6 Knight to a5 attacking the
Queen again
Queen to e6 Knight takes on b7 rook to
b8 attacking the knight and x-raying the
bishop if Queen takes on h3 pawn takes
Queen rook to b8 then Knight to d6 check
another Bishop takes rook takes and
white is standing better
so we have oak to v8 but what now
looks like that black is going to win a
piece critical position on the game
please pause the video then try to find
the best move for white what did you
find where he played Knight to d5 rook
takes Knight white to move what would
you do where you play the community to
c3 tightening checkmate random move
check mate
so analysts play the Queen to c6
but now
how would you continue am I asking
impossible questions or easy ones
why to move where he played the night
takes on f6 check King to d7 if Queen
takes on at 6:00 then Queen to ch-check
and after King to e7 and Bishop to c5
check these six Queen takes rook check
and white is winning so odd has played
King to e7 white move how would you
continue
I guess most people with the cup to the
pawn on e5 had been doing this is not
what way he played he played absolutely
fantastic move check
King to Isis what happens if King takes
bishop
if King takes bishop then Queen takes
Queen for expect luckily an hast found
this square working so she thought wait
a mo how would you continue
wait
play them all
i checkmated black ink the movies
check mate
what a fantastic game what do you think
of this game what do you think of raiis
imagination and that is all I hope that
you enjoyed watching this video
I sure would like with your tests and
bye for now